 NEWS STORY 
Chinese military in 'fight to the death' with flooded Yangtze

 &UR; Eds: ADDS warning about Yellow River flooding in grafs 5-6,
CLARIFIES that embankments are on Yangtze in graf 7 &QL; 


	   BEIJING (AP) _ China's military has ordered soldiers to "fight
to the death" to ensure that waterlogged dikes holding back the
flooded Yangtze River do not collapse, state media reported Monday.
	   More than 1 million soldiers, militiamen and reservists have
been drafted into flood control efforts in four provinces in south
and east China as flood levels on the Yangtze reached levels unseen
in more than four decades.
	   China's military, the world's largest, with 2.9 million members,
has played a prominent role in efforts to prevent the collapse of
embankments that protect millions of people and rich farmland along
the river, the world's third-longest.
	   Floods brought by rains that fell earlier and heavier than usual
have killed at least 1,268 people in China so far this year.
	   Most of the deaths have occurred along the Yangtze, but
authorities in northern China warned Monday that heavy rains could
also cause catastrophic flooding along the Yellow River.
	   Sandbags and other supplies have been stockpiled and 2.5 million
people alerted to fight high waters if they come, the official
Xinhua News Agency reported.
	   Hundreds of thousands of flood victims living in lean-tos on top
of Yangtze embankments for the past six weeks may have to wait
three weeks more, until waters subside, before returning home, said
Arne Jacobsen, a Red Cross official who recently toured flooded
areas.
	   Exhaustion and exposure are wearing down flood victims' health
and they also are beginning to show symptoms of mental strain, he
said.
	   Thus far, diseases have been confined to intestinal complaints
and skin infections from contact with dirty water, said Jacobsen.
Free antibiotics and water purification pills are running out in
some areas, though they remained available for sale in shops, he
added.
	   Commanders in the Nanjing Military Region, in flood-battered
Jiangsu province east of Shanghai, ordered all officers and men to
"fight to the death to protect the Yangtze River dikes, major
cities along the river and the well-being and property of local
people," the official Xinhua News Agency reported.
	   Speedy work by 500 soldiers on collapsed dikes near the city of
Yueyang in southern Hunan province last week saved the lives and
property of 100,000 people, Xinhua said.
	   Another 800 soldiers worked "tirelessly" for five days and
nights to reinforce a levee on Hunan's Dongting lake, which flows
into the Yangtze. Army planes, boats and trucks have ferried 160
tons of food, clothing, medicine and plastic sheeting to stricken
areas, Xinhua said.
	   Meanwhile, a man who refused to join anti-flood efforts and
attacked a village official, and another who allegedly dumped four
truck loads of soil into a river, were arrested in Jiangsu, Xinhua
said.	   
 NEWS STORY 
China evacuates 330,000 people ahead of last-ditch measures

 &UR; Eds: New thruout to UPDATE with plan open floodgates or blow up
dike to divert the Yangtze river, 104 dikes abandoned in Hubei, new
figures on the levels of swollen rivers. No pickup. &QL; 
 &UR; By JOHN LEICESTER &QC; 
 &UR; Associated Press Writer &QC; 


	   BEIJING (AP) _ China was evacuating 330,000 people Friday from
land along the raging Yangtze River that officials were preparing
to sacrifice to flooding to safeguard cities downstream.
	   With the Yangtze at record levels and threatening to rise
further, officials were preparing to divert floodwaters along a
section of the 6,300-kilometer- (3,900-mile-) long river described
as the most dangerous. Under the plan, floodgates on the Yangtze
would be opened to divert water away and, if that failed, a dike
would be blown up, officials said.
	   The decision whether to deliberately flood towns and villages at
the Yangtze's Jingjiang section, in badly flooded central Hubei
province, would require the approval of China's State Council, or
Cabinet.
	   "The worst moment of the year's flood control efforts is
probably coming," the official newspaper China Daily quoted
unidentified Yangtze River officials as saying.
	   The crisis was precipitated by a surge of floodwaters headed
down river Friday that officials feared could cause sodden levees
weakened by weeks of rain and floods to collapse.
	   To reduce pressure on the levees that protect cities and
millions of people downstream, officials have already begun
abandoning smaller dikes and were preparing for the possibility of
deflecting waters into the Jingjiang flood diversion area, where
more than 500,000 people live.
	   The last time the Yangtze was this high was in 1954, during
floods that forced officials to divert water three times. More than
30,000 people died in the flooding that year.
	   So far this year, more than 2,000 people have died in summer
floods that began in June. The death toll continues to rise as
reports are received from flooded areas. The floods have affected
240 million people, a fifth of the population, to varying degrees,
the government says.
	   More than 330,000 people in the Jingjiang flood diversion area
south of Hubei's Shashi city were being moved out, said Chen
Zhichao, director of the Jinjiang Flood Diversion Management
Bureau.
	   Of those, 230,000 had already been moved and another 100,000
should be moved out by Friday evening, officials said. The
remainder of the 520,000 people who reside in the area live on high
or protected ground and are safe, Chen said.
	   He said they were waiting for an order from the State Council
before diverting the river.
	   If the order was given, officials first would raise floodgates
to deflect water from the Yangtze to the diversion area. If that
proved insufficient, a three-kilometer- (1.86 mile- ) long dike
that borders the river would be blown up to let the floodwaters
through, said Chen.
	   One method already being employed to lower the Yangtze was
breaking open or deliberately abandoning smaller, secondary dikes,
flooding farmland and taking pressure off the major embankments
that hem in the river.
	   Hubei, one of worst-hit provinces that declared a state of
emergency Thursday, has already sacrificed at least 104 levees,
forcing 270,000 people to move and inundating swathes of farmland,
the Communist Party newspaper People's Daily said Friday.
	   Among the cities protected by these "selfless" acts was Wuhan,
with 7 million people, the newspaper said.
	   Should officials decide to divert the Yangtze at Jingjiang too,
then Gong'an county, south of Shashi, would bear the brunt of the
flooding, the China Daily said.
	   "The Jingjiang section is facing the worst flood challenge in
its history," the newspaper said, quoting Ge Shouxi, a Yangtze
River chief engineer.
	   The Yangtze at Shashi reached a record 44.68 meters (147.4 feet)
Thursday, a centimeter (0.4 inches) higher that in 1954's deadly
floods, the China Daily said. As the fourth flood crest this year
bore down, the river was expected to rise Friday to 44.95 meters
(148.3 feet), the paper said.
	   Officials first disclosed that they were considering diverting
the Yangtze at Jingjiang at a government news conference Thursday.
	   "The possibility of flood diversion cannot be discounted,"
said Zhao Chunming, a deputy director at the State Flood Control
and Drought Relief Headquarters. "Preparations have already been
made."
	   "We will try our best not to divert water unless it is
absolutely necessary," he added.
	   However, other officials at the news conference were more
hopeful.
	   "According to the situation now, it doesn't look like we need
to divert water," said Zhou Wenzhi, a vice minister of water
resources. "But we have to make these preparations."
 &UR; (jl/twx) 	   
 NEWS STORY 
Yangtze rising upstream, more flooding feared in central China

 &UR; Eds: UPDATES with call for crackdown on crimes in flood areas,
other details; Trims. No pickup.

	   BEIJING (AP) _ Water levels upstream on the Yangtze River rose
Sunday to their highest of the year, threatening more flooding
downstream where soggy dikes have begun to crack.
	   The government, meanwhile, announced a ban on logging in western
Sichuan province along the upper reaches of the river to curb
severe soil erosion.
	   Excessive logging of hillsides is partly to blame for the worst
floods on the Yangtze in 44 years. Heavy rains this summer have
washed off the denuded hills instead of soaking in, causing rivers
to choke up with silt and rise.
	   River levels dropped slowly on the lower and middle reaches of
the Yangtze on Sunday after another crest passed. But another flood
peak was headed downriver toward the flood zones, state radio
reported.
	   It said the Yangtze on Sunday was at its highest level yet
upstream at Chongqing, a main industrial hub in southwestern China.
	   Torrential rains hit the upper reaches of the river last week,
and flooding occurred on five major rivers of the Yangtze River
system in Sichuan province. The five rivers flow into the Yangtze
at Chongqing.
	   Downriver in the city of Jiujiang, in south China's Jiangxi
province, 300,000 soldiers and armed police patched up embankments.
Officials warned dikes protecting Jiujiang and other cities were
softening and cracking after weeks of pressure from high water
levels.
	   The heavily populated Yangtze River basin has been hardest hit
by the summer's floods. At least 2,000 people have died nationwide,
but the toll is expected to rise. Millions have fled their homes.
	   The state-run Xinhua News Agency on Sunday reported
"thousands" have died in the floods, but gave no updated figure.
The agency reported at least 19 people died and three were missing
in Sichuan in floods started by rainstorms Wednesday through
Friday.
	   The government more than two weeks ago said more than 2,000 had
died nationwide. Since then officials have not disclosed an updated
toll.
	   Flooding along the Yangtze has affected 240 million people,
about one-fifth of China's population, according to government
estimates.
	   In a bid to turn the tide against Yangtze floods in the decades
ahead, the Sichuan provincial government banned logging effective
Sept. 1 in the Chuanxi Forest Area, 4.63 million hectares (11
million acres) spanning 54 counties, the state-run Xinhua News
Agency reported.
	   Because of heavy logging, the area in western Sichuan where soil
erosion is a problem has nearly doubled from 60,000 square
kilometers (24,000 square miles) in the 1950s to 110,000 square
kilometers (44,000 square miles), the report said.
	   Grazing and fuel gathering were also banned on some slopes so
that they could be reforested.
	   The Public Security Ministry on Sunday ordered its bureaus in
flooded areas to punish theft of relief supplies, break-ins at
homes of people out fighting the floods and other crimes, Xinhua
reported.
	   The Songhua River at Harbin, in northeast China's Heilongjiang
province, remained at record levels on Sunday, state media said.
	   The army sent reinforcements to Harbin over the weekend to
strengthen the 24-kilometer (15-mile) levee protecting the center
of the city from the Songhua.
	   But the government allowed villages on the opposite shore to be
engulfed by a brown sea of river water to divert the flow away from
Harbin. Throughout flooded regions, farms have been allowed to be
inundated to protect cities.
 NEWS STORY 
British minister warns Czech army not yet compatible with NATO

	   PRAGUE, Czech Republic (AP) _ Britain's defense minister praised
the Czech Republic on Tuesday for progress toward NATO membership,
but said its army has a long way to go to match up to alliance
standards.
	   "Full interoperability will take some time after accession,"
George Robertson told journalists after talks with his Czech
counterpart, Vladimir Vetchy.
	   Robertson said Britain, as one of the Czechs' closest allies,
has prepared an ambitious program designed to assist the Czech army
with such tasks as language courses and training exercises.
	   The Czech military has often been criticized for being
underequipped and having low prestige. Other shortcomings include
inadequate knowledge of foreign laguages and corruption.
	   The Czech Republic, Poland and Hungary this year became the
first former Soviet Bloc nations to be offered membership in the
alliance. Expansion likely will take place in 1999, pending
expected ratification by the parliaments of all current NATO
members and the parliaments of the future members.
	   (js/dc)
 sports 


	TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) -- Ohio State coach John Cooper has made his  
appeal to the voters in The Associated Press poll: If No. 2 Florida 
State barely beats No. 1 Tennessee in Monday night's Fiesta Bowl, 
consider the Buckeyes for the national title. 


	Seminoles coach Bobby Bowden says it won't work.  


	"I don't blame John one bit for feeling the way he does,"  
Bowden said Sunday. "John might have the best team in the nation, 
but if Tennessee wins, it will be the national champion. And if we 
win, we will be national champions. That's the way it was drawn up 
this year, and I sympathize with John because I've been in his 
place before." 

	Under the new Bowl Championship Series setup, the Fiesta Bowl  
winner automatically finishes No. 1 in the USA Today/ESPN coaches' 
poll. No. 3 Ohio State, 11-1 after a 24-14 win over Texas A&AMP;M in 
the Sugar Bowl, cannot be considered for the title in the coaches' 
poll. 

	The AP media poll, which has no such restrictions, will be  
released early Tuesday after the 70 voters cast their ballots. It's 
certainly a longshot, but at least the Buckeyes would have a chance 
to share the title. 

	If the Seminoles win, they would improve to 12-1, and they also  
have a win over Texas A&AMP;M -- 23-14 in the Kickoff Classic. 

	Says Florida State defensive end Tony Bryant: "They lost one  
game. We lost one game. They won their bowl game. I think the 
Fiesta Bowl should decide who the national champion is, but it's 
not up to us. We can just hope and pray that if we win, we will be 
national champions." 


	 *HEART-TO-HEART:* On the Monday after Florida State's 24-7 loss  
to North Carolina State, coach Bobby Bowden had a rare 
"heart-to-heart" with his players. 

	"They could have not responded if they wanted to," Bowden said  
Sunday on the eve of the Fiesta Bowl . "But they wouldn't have 
been around very long afterwards." 

	Obviously, the Seminoles responded by winning their next 10  
games and squeezed their way into a title showdown against No. 1 
Tennessee only after losses by the two teams ranked ahead of them -- 
Kansas State and UCLA -- on the final day of the regular season. 

	Bowden said if his players didn't respond, he was set to go with  
a youth movement. 

	"I hit them with the fact that they, us, we, were trying live  
off last year's reputation, or the year before, or the year before, 
or the year before," Bowden said. "The biggest enemy you have 
when you're successful is overconfidence." 

	Defensive lineman Corey Simon said Bowden could have saved the  
speech. 

	"We knew that we had to step it up," Simon said. "The coaches  
didn't have to say anything." 

	 *BCS FUTURE:* The Bowl Championship Series got through its first  
season with a minimum of controversy and a maximum of interest -- 
thanks largely to last-game losses by previously undefeated Kansas 
State and UCLA that set up a Tennessee-Florida State matchup in the 
Fiesta Bowl. 

	Next season, the BCS' designated title game is the Sugar Bowl  
Jan. 3, 2000 at New Orleans. The Rose and Orange bowls will be 
played Jan. 1, the Fiesta Jan. 2. 

	After the 2000 season, the big game shifts to the Orange Bowl  
Jan. 1, 2001. The Rose and Fiesta bowls are Jan. 1, the Sugar Jan. 
2. 

	After the 2001 season, the top game moves to the Rose Bowl Jan.  
3, 2002 -- the first time the game will be played at night. The 
Sugar and Fiesta bowls are Jan. 1, the Orange Jan. 2. 

	 *NO. 1 VS. No. 2:* Florida State will be playing in a No. 1 vs.  
No. 2 game for the fifth time in the 1990s. The Seminoles are 2-2 
entering Monday night's Fiesta Bowl against top-ranked Tennessee. 

	-- Florida State beat No. 1 Florida 24-21 Nov. 30, 1996, but then  
lost in the Sugar Bowl rematch and the Gators won the national 
title. 

	-- Florida State beat No. 2 Nebraska 18-16 in the 1994 Orange  
Bowl, and won the '93 national title. 

	-- Notre Dame beat No. 1 Florida State 31-24, Nov. 13, 1993.  

	-- Miami beat No. 1 Florida State 17-16 Nov. 16, 1991.  

	 *EXTRA POINTS:* The Fiesta Bowl marks the 32nd time No. 1 has  
played No. 2 since the AP poll began in 1936. It's also the first 
1-2 game since Florida State beat No. 1 Florida 24-21 Nov. 30, 
1996. ... The No. 2 team has won 10 of the last 16 1 vs. 2 games. 
... Florida State is 2-1 in Fiesta Bowls, 2-0 under coach Bobby 
Bowden. The Seminoles lost to Arizona State in the first Fiesta 
Bowl in 1971, then beat Nebraska twice in Tempe -- 31-28 in the 1998 
game and 41-17 in the '90 game. ... Florida State played eight bowl 
teams this season, including BCS teams Florida and Texas A&AMP;M. ... 
Tennessee also has wins over two BCS teams -- Syracuse and Florida. 
... The Seminoles have held five opponents to under 100 yards 
passing, and 10 teams were unable to complete 50 percent of their 
passes. ... Vols tailback Jamal Lewis was lost for the season in 
the fourth game, but Tennessee still led the SEC in rushing as 
Travis Henry posted five 100-yard plus games. ... Vols quarterback 
Tee Martin completed an NCAA record 23 straight passes in a win 
over South Carolina. ... The Seminoles are 97-12-1 in the 1990s, 
the best record in the nation. The Vols, at 89-19-2 are fourth, 
behind Nebraska and Florida. 

 sports 


	NEW YORK (AP) -- Under the new bowl coalition format that crowned  
a clear-cut national champion, more people were expected to watch 
the 1999 Fiesta Bowl title game. That didn't happen. 

	Tennessee's national championship victory in the Fiesta Bowl was  
watched in more than 17 million homes, for a 17.2 national rating. 
Even though two games had national title implications last year, 
the Rose Bowl still managed a higher (17.6) rating. 

	However, the 1998 Rose Bowl featured Michigan winning a  
last-second thriller over Washington State while the Orange Bowl 
pitted Nebraska against Tennessee and grabbed a 13.3 rating. 

	The Wolverines and Cornhuskers finished the season with a share  
of the national championship. 

	Monday's contest was a yawner for much of the game, until the  
final minutes when Florida State cut the deficit to seven points. 

	"I expected the Fiesta Bowl would do a pretty good number, but  
I thought it would be better than that," said ABC analyst Todd 
Blackledge, who worked the Fiesta Bowl on Monday night. "One of 
the factors may have been that both teams were from the southeast, 
so it was kind of a regional game." 

	Under the new format, four bowl games comprise the Bowl  
Championship Series -- Fiesta, Rose, Orange and Sugar. 

	The remaining three bowls actually fared better than last  
season's No. 2, 3 and 4 games. 

	What was even more impressive was that it was done without top  
draws Notre Dame, Michigan and Penn State. 

	"The BCS has had a positive impact on TV ratings," ABC  
spokesman Mark Mandel said. "But the bigger picture of all of this 
is that it crowned a national champion." 

	This season's Rose Bowl, a shootout won by Wisconsin over UCLA,  
posted a 13.6 rating, which was 2 percent higher than the 1998 
Orange Bowl. 

	The 1999 Sugar Bowl, in which Ohio State won easily over Texas  
A&AMP;M, had a 11.5 rating -- an increase of 3 percent from last year's 
game between Ohio State and Florida State. 

	The Orange Bowl this year was the lowest-rated of the BCS bowls,  
a 8.4 rating. That was still well ahead of the either the Cotton 
(6.2) or Fiesta (5.8) in 1998. 

 financial 

	NEW YORK (AP) -- After vowing to combat fraud, online auction  
service eBay Inc. finds itself the subject of a fraud investigation 
being conducted by the city's Department of Consumer Affairs. 

	The department is looking into whether people who use eBay to  
sell items falsely labeled some sports memorabilia as 
"one-of-a-kind," a source close to the investigation told The 
Associated Press Tuesday. Specifically, the agency is investigating 
whether baseballs supposedly signed by Babe Ruth, Roberto Clemente 
and Christy Mathewson are authentic, the source said. 

	Department officials confirmed the probe Tuesday but refused  
further comment. 

	The probe raises the question of whether eBay can be held  
accountable for allegedly unscrupulous sellers and how it could 
monitor claims made in each sale. 

	It comes at a time of explosive growth in the Internet and as  
regulators are grappling with how to protect consumers without 
strangling the new technology. 

	"It's like the Wild, Wild West, the Internet," said Cleo  
Manuel, a spokeswoman for the Washington-based National Consumers 
League, which has been monitoring Internet fraud since 1992. "It's 
going to take a while for regulations to take place." 

	EBay does not have any inventory for sale. Instead, it allows  
people worldwide to post listings of items for sale, with potential 
buyers placing bids over the Internet. 

	When an auction is completed, the winning bidder contacts the  
seller to finish the deal. eBay collects a small commission on each 
listing and sale. In the three-month span ended Dec. 31, eBay 
hosted 13.6 million auctions. 

	According to its Web site, more than 1,000 items -- including  
Beanie Babies, dolls, books and gemstones -- are sold via eBay. 

	EBay declined to comment on the investigation Tuesday. On  
Monday, in response to a New York Post story that disclosed the 
investigation, the company issued a statement saying it was 
cooperating fully with the agency. 

	In a message to its customers late Monday, Meg Whitman, eBay  
president and chief executive officer, said the company had zero 
tolerance for fraud. 

	"We have committed and will continue to commit resources to  
have the most comprehensive programs in order to keep eBay a safe 
harbor for online person-to-person trading," she said. 

	EBay receives an average of 27 fraud complaints for every 1  
million auctions, the company said. 

	On Jan. 15, the company announced its own initiatives to combat  
fraud. These included giving users the option of having their 
identities verified by an outside agency so they can be listed on 
eBay as accredited users and penalizing bidders who win auctions 
but don't collect the goods or pay for them. 

	Reflecting the rapid growth of its business, eBay separately  
reported Tuesday it earned $1.5 million in the fourth quarter of 
1998, sharply above the $189,000 of a year earlier. 

	For the quarter, revenue came to $19.5 million, more than seven  
times the $2.6 million of a year earlier. 

	For all of 1998, the company earned $2.4 million on revenue of  
$47.4 million, against $874,000 in earnings on revenue of $5.7 
million in 1997. 


	EDITOR'S NOTE: The New York City Department of Consumer Affairs  
is asking consumers to contact the department if they believe 
they've been sold fraudulent merchandise. It may be reached at 
(212) 487-4444. Its Web site address: www.ci.nyc.ny.us/consumers. 

 financial 

	NEW YORK (AP) -- When Sotheby's sold a Harry S. Truman signature  
that turned out to be a reproduction, the prestigious auction house 
apologized and bought it back. 

	On the explosive frontier of Internet auctions, the policy is  
different: bidder beware. 

	Toy collector Christina Platthy says she found out too late --  
after paying $1,815 for a rare Beanie Baby she bought in an eBay 
Web site auction and getting a $5 stuffed duck instead. 

	The rapid, raucous popularity of Internet auction houses has  
left consumers prey to cyber-scams and emerging companies like eBay 
struggling to prevent a new kind of fraud. 

	The company, founded in 1995 by Pierre Omidyar in San Jose,  
Calif. to sell his girlfriend's Pez dispensers, is the most famous 
of the online auctioneers, but it has no less than 1,500 rivals. 


	Auction houses say they can't be forced to protect consumers  
against bogus buys, any more than a newspaper can be held 
responsible for the claims of its classified advertisers. 

	"I think from a legal point of view we have no liability,"  
said eBay CEO Meg Whitman. However, she added, "We actually have a 
significant responsibility to make eBay as safe a site as possible 
to trade on. We also need to communicate that users have a 
responsibility as well." 

	Whitman says fraud is exceptionally rare among its 1 million  
users -- less than 1/100th of 1 percent of its 700,000 daily 
auctions. 

	But, many users report their problems elsewhere. The National  
Consumers League gets 600 complaints a month about Internet fraud. 
Two out of three are auction fraud cases. 

	As the largest auction house, eBay has had its share of mishaps.  

	Pennsylvanian Jamison Piatt was turned in by angry buyers who  
never got the Furby toys he promised. He's agreed to repay them 
$3,600. 

	Bidders aren't always honest either. Some offered up to $200,000  
for a "Today" show jacket signed by host Katie Couric. After 
bogus bids were ferreted out, the jacket sold for $11,400. Starting 
next month, deadbeat bidders will be suspended from eBay. 

	The problems may stem in part from the industry's stratospheric  
growth. 

	Market researcher Jupiter Communications estimates that the  
number of Internet auction customers will jump nearly sixfold from 
1.2 million to 6.5 million by 2000, when they will spend about $7.1 
billion. For eBay, sales grew 724 percent in 1998, to $47.4 
million. 

	As the industry grows, so does fraud. Cyber-scams are prevalent  
enough that Manhattan attorney Brian Brokate has a full-time staff 
tracking online knockoffs of luxury goods made by clients such as 
Rolex and Vuitton. 

	New York City is trying to hold online auction houses  
accountable. The city's Department of Consumer Affairs said last 
week it is looking into whether some eBay sellers are falsely 
labeling baseballs supposedly signed by such legends as Babe Ruth 
and Roberto Clemente, as "one-of-a-kind." 


	Ms. Whitman says eBay's glad to cooperate, even though the city  
hasn't notified eBay of the probe. 

	In an acknowledgment that fraud is a problem, eBay said earlier  
this month it would guarantee items from $25 to $200. 

	That doesn't help high bidders like Ms. Platthy.  

	She says she paid for a rare "Quackers" Beanie manufactured  
without wings, but got a cheaper version with the wings obviously 
cut off. Seller Mark R. Mills of Las Vegas, who was ejected from 
eBay last year, responds: "She got what she paid for." 

	Ms. Platthy wants New York officials to force eBay to vouch for  
its sellers. 

	"I'm glad that they're trying to crack down on them," she  
said, adding that Mills didn't give her his real name. "The person 
I was dealing with did not exist. That's what irritates me about 
eBay. They don't check anything." 

	The best way for auction house customers to protect themselves  
is to use an escrow service that will hold onto their check until 
the auctioned item is received in good condition, said eBay's Ms. 
Whitman. The company makes that easy by offering online links to 
escrow companies. The catch: a 5 percent fee. 

	"Eighteen-hundred dollars is a lot of money and using escrow is  
probably a pretty smart thing to do when you are dealing with that 
kind of money," Ms. Whitman said. 


	Brokate concedes that online auctioneers probably can't be held  
legally responsible unless they're informed of a specific fraud and 
refuse to act. He said eBay has been quick to help so far. 

	Two traditional auction houses could shake up the industry with  
their plans to go online later this year. 

	Sotheby's says its items will be guaranteed and its rival  
Christie's is expected to follow suit. 

	"We believe that a collector ... needs to have the assurance  
that experts have properly assessed what is being sold and that 
that item is being guaranteed," said David Redden, executive vice 
president of Sotheby's. 

 sports 

	Year Two of the Bowl Championship Series will bring a few new  
wrinkles to the process of selecting the teams to play in its 
national championship game. 

	The BCS made a mostly successful debut last season, with  
Tennessee beating Florida State in the Fiesta Bowl and becoming the 
unanimous choice as the national champion. 

	This time, the BCS modified its guidelines for selecting teams  
by adding five new computer ratings and toughened eligibility 
standards for its four bowl games. Also, a process is now in place 
that could strip weaker conferences of automatic bids, a move aimed 
at the Big East. 

	The BCS standings are determined through four factors: a  
combined ranking in The Associated Press media poll and USA 
Today/ESPN coaches' poll; computer surveys; strength of schedule; 
and won-loss record. 

	The series will again use the computer ratings of Jeff Sagarin,  
The New York Times and the Seattle Times. But it also will consider 
Richard Billingsley, Dunkel Index, Kenneth Massey, David Rothman 
and Matthews-Scripps Howard. A school's lowest ranking from the 
eight computer services will be thrown out. 

	Champions from the Big East, Big Ten, Big 12, SEC, Atlantic  
Coast and Pac-10 conferences receive automatic bids to the BCS, 
which also includes two at-large teams. 

	The 1-2 teams in the BCS standings are matched in a national  
title game that rotates among the Rose, Sugar, Orange and Fiesta 
bowls. Using a regional format, the other three bowls select the 
remaining conference champions and at-large teams. 

	The 2000 title game will be held Jan. 4 at the Sugar Bowl in New  
Orleans. 

	Last season, teams were eligible for at-large berths with either  
eight victories or by finishing no lower than 12th in the BCS 
standings. Now, teams must have nine regular-season wins over 
Division I-A opponents and at least a No. 12 ranking. 

	Also, each of the six BCS leagues must show it is worthy of that  
status. If a conference's automatic qualifiers failed to average at 
least a No. 12 BCS rating over a four-year period, it could be 
stripped of the bid. 

	Last season, Big East champion Syracuse (8-4) was 15th in the  
BCS standings and was routed by Florida 31-10 in the Orange Bowl. 

	One of the misconceptions of the BCS involved Kansas State,  
which ended up in the Alamo Bowl after losing only one game -- the 
Big 12 championship -- and finishing third in the final BCS 
standings. The feeling was that K-State, which lost to Purdue in 
the Alamo Bowl, deserved to play in a BCS game. 

	"We still feel the bowls, after you get past the 1-2 game, need  
to have some regional flexibility," BCS chairman Roy Kramer said. 
"You can't take two West Coast teams and play in Miami. You've got 
to have regional ties to make the bowls succeed." 


	The first BCS standings will be released Oct. 25.  
  	   	
OTTAWA, February 20 (Xinhua) -- Canadian Prime Minister Jean
Chretien said today that he supports the Czech Republic's bid to
join the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).

Canada also supports NATO membership applications by the other
five members of the now defunct Warsaw Pact, Chretien said while
accompanying Czech Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus to the Canadian
Parliament.

The other five countries bidding for NATO membership are
Hungary, Poland, Bulgaria, Romania and Slovakia.

"For me, I would be in favor of the six countries but I don't
think there will be six, even if it were my wish," Chretien
said. "But I know the Czech Republic is always at the top of the
list."

Canada and the United States support NATO's eastward expansion
plans, but Russia strongly opposes the move.

Klaus, leading a delegation of business people, arrived in
Ottawa today for a three-day visit aimed mainly at expanding trade
and investment between the two countries.

So far, Canada has invested about 110 million U.S. dollars in
the Czech Republic. Bilateral trade reached some 118 million
dollars in 1996, up from 102 million the previous year. 


BUDAPEST, March 17 (Xinhua) -- The Czech Republic and Hungary
will not compete with each other in their bids to join NATO and
the European Union (EU), the Hungarian Telegraph Agency reported
today.

Czech Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus, who is on a one-day visit
to Hungary, said after meeting Hungarian Prime Minister Horn Gyula
that the two countries shared the same interests over joining NATO
and the EU.

The leaders of the Czech Republic and Hungary will continue to
strengthen political dialog on their participation in European
integration, Klaus added.

The Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland are the favorites to be
the first countries to join NATO as part of the military
alliance's eastward expansion plan.


During their meeting, Horn said he hoped Hungary's trade
deficit with the Czech Republic would fall.

The two countries agreed to strengthen cooperation in health
care, welfare, culture and education.

Hungarian President Arpad Goncz and President of the National
Assembly Zoltan Gal also held talks with Klaus. 

BUDAPEST, March 17 (Xinhua) -- Czech Prime Minister Vaclav
Klaus today criticized Russia's ambassador to the Czech Republic
for saying that Russia would reconsider its economic relations
with the country if it persisted in trying to join NATO.

He said he was disgusted with the remarks made by Russian
Ambassador Nikolai Rjabov and was waiting to hear what the Russian
government had to say on the issue.

Klaus, who arrived in Budapest today for one-day visit, was
speaking at a joint news briefing with his counterpart, Horn
Gyula.

The Czech prime minister said he hoped the ambassador's remarks
were his personal view. If they reflected the Russian government's
stance, they would only fuel the Czech Republic's desire to join
the western military alliance, he added.

The Czech Republic is one of several former Warsaw Pact nations
who want to join NATO. Leaders of the alliance's member-nations
will decide at a summit in Madrid in July which countries will be
the first to be invited to join.

But Russia is strongly opposed to NATO's eastward expansion
plans, saying the move east will threaten its security. 

